detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screen/PrimitiveBlastFurnaceScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screen.PrimitiveBlastFurnaceScreen
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/crafting/RasperItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.crafting.RasperItem
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/Model/block/Model.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.Model.block.Model
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.Model.block.Model$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/block/PrimitiveBlastFurnace.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.PrimitiveBlastFurnace
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screen/KilnScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screen.KilnScreen
detailedTechnology/blocks/currentdone/BurningCharcoalHeapEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.currentdone.BurningCharcoalHeapEntity
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/crafting/HammerItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.crafting.HammerItem
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/vanilla/DetailedAxeItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.vanilla.DetailedAxeItem
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/SteelCombustionChamberEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.SteelCombustionChamberEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/BronzeCombustionChamberEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.BronzeCombustionChamberEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/block/StoneMileRunner.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.block.StoneMileRunner
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screenHandler/KilnScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screenHandler.KilnScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/utilities/CrucibleUtilities.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.utilities.CrucibleUtilities
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.utilities.CrucibleUtilities$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/CokeOvenEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.CokeOvenEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.CokeOvenEntity$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screenHandler/CrucibleScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screenHandler.CrucibleScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/group/machine/Pipes.java
 detailedTechnology.group.machine.Pipes
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/BronzeBoilerEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.BronzeBoilerEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.BronzeBoilerEntity$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/BronzeWattDoubleActingSteamEngineEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.BronzeWattDoubleActingSteamEngineEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.BronzeWattDoubleActingSteamEngineEntity$1
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/FireStarter.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.FireStarter
detailedTechnology/group/items/Materials.java
 detailedTechnology.group.items.Materials
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/WrenchItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.WrenchItem
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.WrenchItem$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/block/TPipe.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.block.TPipe
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.block.TPipe$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screenHandler/CombustionChamberScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screenHandler.CombustionChamberScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/block/SixWayPipe.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.block.SixWayPipe
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/Model/blockEntity/ClayGearModelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.Model.blockEntity.ClayGearModelEntity
detailedTechnology/items/material/DetailedToolMaterial.java
 detailedTechnology.items.material.DetailedToolMaterial
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/instant/KnifeItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.instant.KnifeItem
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/screen/AnvilScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.screen.AnvilScreen
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screenHandler/PrimitiveBlastFurnaceScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screenHandler.PrimitiveBlastFurnaceScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/items/generalclass/DetailedSwordItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.generalclass.DetailedSwordItem
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screen/CokeOvenScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screen.CokeOvenScreen
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/block/Crucible.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.Crucible
detailedTechnology/group/items/Tools.java
 detailedTechnology.group.items.Tools
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/block/BronzeArchimedesScrew.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.BronzeArchimedesScrew
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.BronzeArchimedesScrew$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/Model/blockEntity/HighAluminaFirebrickRodModelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.Model.blockEntity.HighAluminaFirebrickRodModelEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/blockEntity/BronzeAnvilEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.blockEntity.BronzeAnvilEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.blockEntity.BronzeAnvilEntity$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/screenHandler/FireStarterBlockScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.screenHandler.FireStarterBlockScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/block/CokeOven.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.CokeOven
detailedTechnology/recipe/auto/CokeOvenRecipe.java
 detailedTechnology.recipe.auto.CokeOvenRecipe
detailedTechnology/mixin/ExampleMixin.java
 detailedTechnology.mixin.ExampleMixin
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/block/StoneMileRunnerWithGear.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.StoneMileRunnerWithGear
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/BrickCrucibleEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.BrickCrucibleEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screenHandler/StoneMileScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screenHandler.StoneMileScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/recipe/manual/CarpenterRecipe.java
 detailedTechnology.recipe.manual.CarpenterRecipe
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/screen/ModelScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.screen.ModelScreen
detailedTechnology/code/Registration.java
 detailedTechnology.code.Registration
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/blockEntity/BrickModelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.blockEntity.BrickModelEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/utilities/CombustionChamberUtilities.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.utilities.CombustionChamberUtilities
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.utilities.CombustionChamberUtilities$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/tanks/blockEntity/FirebrickBarrelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.tanks.blockEntity.FirebrickBarrelEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.tanks.blockEntity.FirebrickBarrelEntity$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/tanks/block/Barrel.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.tanks.block.Barrel
detailedTechnology/items/material/ClaySmallCrucibleWithLiquid.java
 detailedTechnology.items.material.ClaySmallCrucibleWithLiquid
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/screen/FireStarterBlockScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.screen.FireStarterBlockScreen
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/QuartzCrucibleEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.QuartzCrucibleEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/block/BronzeBoiler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.BronzeBoiler
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/Model/blockEntity/HighAluminaFirebrickPlateModelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.Model.blockEntity.HighAluminaFirebrickPlateModelEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/screen/CarpenterWorkbenchScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.screen.CarpenterWorkbenchScreen
detailedTechnology/group/currentdone/Ores.java
 detailedTechnology.group.currentdone.Ores
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/block/Anvil.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.block.Anvil
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.block.Anvil$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/tanks/blockEntity/WoodBarrelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.tanks.blockEntity.WoodBarrelEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.tanks.blockEntity.WoodBarrelEntity$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/block/BronzeWattDoubleActingSteamEngine.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.BronzeWattDoubleActingSteamEngine
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.BronzeWattDoubleActingSteamEngine$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/Model/blockEntity/ClayIngotModelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.Model.blockEntity.ClayIngotModelEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/utilities/ModelUtilities.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.utilities.ModelUtilities
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.utilities.ModelUtilities$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/block/StraightPipe.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.block.StraightPipe
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.block.StraightPipe$1
detailedTechnology/recipe/general/Recipes.java
 detailedTechnology.recipe.general.Recipes
detailedTechnology/group/machine/Manual.java
 detailedTechnology.group.machine.Manual
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screenHandler/BronzeBoilerScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screenHandler.BronzeBoilerScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/blockEntity/BronzeCrossPipeEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.blockEntity.BronzeCrossPipeEntity
detailedTechnology/recipe/auto/PrimitiveBlaseFurnaceRecipe.java
 detailedTechnology.recipe.auto.PrimitiveBlaseFurnaceRecipe
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/block/BentPipe.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.block.BentPipe
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.block.BentPipe$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/block/CarpenterWorkbench.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.block.CarpenterWorkbench
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.block.CarpenterWorkbench$1
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/vanilla/DetailedPickaxeItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.vanilla.DetailedPickaxeItem
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/StoneMileEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.StoneMileEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.StoneMileEntity$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/blockEntity/FireStarterBlockEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.blockEntity.FireStarterBlockEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/screenHandler/AnvilScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.screenHandler.AnvilScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/blockEntity/BronzeStraightPipeEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.blockEntity.BronzeStraightPipeEntity
detailedTechnology/DetailedTechnology.java
 detailedTechnology.DetailedTechnology
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/structure/PrimitiveBlastFurnaceStructure.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.structure.PrimitiveBlastFurnaceStructure
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.structure.PrimitiveBlastFurnaceStructure$1
detailedTechnology/DetailedTechnologyModClient.java
 detailedTechnology.DetailedTechnologyModClient
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screen/StoneMileScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screen.StoneMileScreen
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/block/CombustionChamber.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.CombustionChamber
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/Model/blockEntity/HighAluminaFirebrickIngotModelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.Model.blockEntity.HighAluminaFirebrickIngotModelEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/blockEntity/CarpenterWorkbenchEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.blockEntity.CarpenterWorkbenchEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.blockEntity.CarpenterWorkbenchEntity$1
detailedTechnology/items/material/DetailedArmorMaterial.java
 detailedTechnology.items.material.DetailedArmorMaterial
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/HighAluminaFirebrickCombustionChamberEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.HighAluminaFirebrickCombustionChamberEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/blockEntity/BronzeFiveWayPipeEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.blockEntity.BronzeFiveWayPipeEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screenHandler/CokeOvenScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screenHandler.CokeOvenScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/block/BrickModel.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.block.BrickModel
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.block.BrickModel$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/KilnEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.KilnEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.KilnEntity$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/block/FiveWayPipe.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.block.FiveWayPipe
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.block.FiveWayPipe$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screen/BronzeBoilerScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screen.BronzeBoilerScreen
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/Model/blockEntity/ClayPlateModelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.Model.blockEntity.ClayPlateModelEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/PrimitiveBlastFurnaceEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.PrimitiveBlastFurnaceEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.PrimitiveBlastFurnaceEntity$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/blockEntity/SteelAnvilEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.blockEntity.SteelAnvilEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.blockEntity.SteelAnvilEntity$1
detailedTechnology/recipe/general/ShapelessRecipe.java
 detailedTechnology.recipe.general.ShapelessRecipe
detailedTechnology/blocks/tanks/blockEntity/BronzeBarrelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.tanks.blockEntity.BronzeBarrelEntity
 detailedTechnology.blocks.tanks.blockEntity.BronzeBarrelEntity$1
detailedTechnology/mixin/RecipeEdit.java
 detailedTechnology.mixin.RecipeEdit
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/block/CrossPipe.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.block.CrossPipe
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/vanilla/DetailedBucketItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.vanilla.DetailedBucketItem
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/block/StoneMile.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.StoneMile
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/screenHandler/CarpenterWorkbenchScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.screenHandler.CarpenterWorkbenchScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/blocks/tanks/screen/BarrelScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.tanks.screen.BarrelScreen
detailedTechnology/group/items/Armors.java
 detailedTechnology.group.items.Armors
detailedTechnology/code/ImplementedInventory.java
 detailedTechnology.code.ImplementedInventory
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/vanilla/DetailedShovelItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.vanilla.DetailedShovelItem
detailedTechnology/code/TankUtilities.java
 detailedTechnology.code.TankUtilities
detailedTechnology/items/material/DetailedMaterialStatus.java
 detailedTechnology.items.material.DetailedMaterialStatus
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/block/Kiln.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.block.Kiln
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/crafting/SawItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.crafting.SawItem
detailedTechnology/code/PipeUtilities.java
 detailedTechnology.code.PipeUtilities
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/blockEntity/BronzeSixWayPipeEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.blockEntity.BronzeSixWayPipeEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/block/FireStarterBlock.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.block.FireStarterBlock
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.block.FireStarterBlock$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/blockEntity/FirebrickCombustionChamberEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.blockEntity.FirebrickCombustionChamberEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/Model/blockEntity/HighAluminaFirebrickGearModelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.Model.blockEntity.HighAluminaFirebrickGearModelEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screen/CombustionChamberScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screen.CombustionChamberScreen
detailedTechnology/recipe/auto/KilnRecipe.java
 detailedTechnology.recipe.auto.KilnRecipe
detailedTechnology/recipe/general/ShapedRecipe.java
 detailedTechnology.recipe.general.ShapedRecipe
detailedTechnology/group/machine/Auto.java
 detailedTechnology.group.machine.Auto
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/screenHandler/ModelScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.screenHandler.ModelScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/blockEntity/BronzeBentPipeEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.blockEntity.BronzeBentPipeEntity
detailedTechnology/blocks/tanks/screenHandler/BarrelScreenHandler.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.tanks.screenHandler.BarrelScreenHandler
detailedTechnology/recipe/manual/AnvilRecipe.java
 detailedTechnology.recipe.manual.AnvilRecipe
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/structure/CokeOvenStructure.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.structure.CokeOvenStructure
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.structure.CokeOvenStructure$1
detailedTechnology/blocks/currentdone/BurningCharcoalHeap.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.currentdone.BurningCharcoalHeap
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/auto/screen/CrucibleScreen.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.auto.screen.CrucibleScreen
detailedTechnology/blocks/machines/manual/Model/blockEntity/ClayRodModelEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.machines.manual.Model.blockEntity.ClayRodModelEntity
detailedTechnology/recipe/auto/StoneMileRecipe.java
 detailedTechnology.recipe.auto.StoneMileRecipe
detailedTechnology/items/toolItem/vanilla/DetailedHoeItem.java
 detailedTechnology.items.toolItem.vanilla.DetailedHoeItem
detailedTechnology/blocks/pipes/blockEntity/BronzeTPipeEntity.java
 detailedTechnology.blocks.pipes.blockEntity.BronzeTPipeEntity
